All right welcome back my students so I decided to add another lecture here and we're probably going
to have more lectures on this section.
But all right if you go to your admin users controller OK and this is from the future guys so if you
have if you see some files here that are not included in yours and your application Don't worry about
it.
Just go to where I told you to go and in this case I want you to go to our main user's controller.
All right.
And then here in this case we are actually deleting the user from the database where we are actually
deleting the image.
So if you go back to Pawlick images here we have a whole bunch of images here and if we add let's add
another one real quick let's go to admin users and you can see and then add one.
I'm going to call these guides them form.
Let's just call them let's just make up another person here
to scriber and active let's just give that person a nice side.
This looks like a lease or here that's OK.
All right.
So I'm going to come here I'm going to click create user and you're going to see this here.
Well you're not going to see it in my psi because I've got to synchronize but maybe we will.
Let's see.
All right.
We're not we only got one two three four five six seven us here.
So if I synchronize with you have a new file somewhere.
All right.
There we go.
WOMAN 2 We click on it we can see that absolument All right there.
All right.
So now the problem is every time with the lead that we tried to THE LEAD die we go to Lisa and we try
to delete it.
That's going to stay there because we're now removing the file itself.
So let's go to our users controller and let's do something here to make sure that that's good.
All right.
So let's actually change this logic a little bit.
Analysts say user here and then we can actually put all this together if we wanted to burn and just
do it separately here so you understand how I'm doing this.
So we're going to use our own link function from BHB and we're going to give it the public path.
We have another function for that whole public path and we're going to concatenate the images folder
and then we're going to give it an ID and it's going to be the user ID actually
we got to give the user
for our name actually.
Sorry about that.
So user photo on file.
There we go.
And
Kimberly we actually named it like this.
We should have named it something else guys maybe path or something.
But anyway that doesn't matter.
At least you are learning how to do this right.
And let's go ahead and delete this now.
All right.
I think this is going to work good.
So we're going on linked this file here.
Let's let's check it out real quick and we should see this woman to the leader from here let's jus refresh
here let's go and this is huge.
My screen is huge.
We go this click delete and it's saying that no such file or directory is looking for.
Ninety seven.
WOMAN 2.
So we got this part right.
Well we didn't get right is this 90.
Actually it is looking for this.
Let's see we have it.
While 4 6 1 4 4 1 2 9 7
that's exactly the file ID.
While 4 6 1 4 4 1 2 9 7 0 0 link no such file or their right to that is just super weird.
All right.
Let's find out what it is.
Or you know what we are actually.
We have to follow slushes right young images so we don't have to actually include images here guys because
we already including images from the
Access accessor.
OK if you go to the address or you can find out that we are including that images directory.
All right.
So we have to give is the name and that to do it.
Let's go back here.
Refresh.
And now we do this.
You can see that the user has been deleted and if we go back here when I synchronize my side you can
see that woman file.
WOMAN 2 They need it from here.
There's way for it.
Let's wait for it.
Well all right.
So that's one way of the lead in the images.
There are other ways of doing it.
But this is the simplest way that I could show you how to do for now.
Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next lecture.